BYU STEM Camp RC Car Assembly Guide:

What you need:
4 TT motors
4 wheels
4 AA batteries
4 T-brackets
8 screws
1 small piece of cardboard or foam
1 4 AA battery pack holder
2 zip ties
2 8 pin header
1 esp32 cam mb with ov2640 camera module
1 drv8833 motor controller
1 switch (I already have the part number)
1 pcb


STEP 1:

Grab your pcb and place it in a safe spot. We will do some soldering now.

[Picture of PCB]

STEP 2:

Grab your switch, and put it into the correct spot. and solder it (make sure is flush and tight!). If you need, ask a lab assistant to check your work. 

[Pictures of the switch inserted in the spot]

STEP 3:

Now we will solder the motor controller. The motor controller comes with two 6 pin header, insert those in the board and make sure the plastic part is on the top side of the board. Place the motor controller in the orientation of the draweing and solder the controller to the pins.

[Pictures of thethings and  pins and the soldered motor controller]

STEP 4:

Now flip your board and put a rubber band around the motor controller to hold it while you solder the pins. Solder two pins then make sure is flush and tigh and then solder the rest.

[ Picture of the solered pins]

STEP 5:

Now let us solder the lone 6 pin header. Place it in the correct spot in between the big square and the spot for the esp32.

[Picture of the 6 pin header, placed and solderd]

STEP 6:

Now we will solder the two 8 female header pins. Place them as shown in the picture and  put the esp32 to make sure it holds it nice and good, put a rubber band around it to hold it while you solder the pins.

[Picture of the things, placed and soldered]

STEP 7:

Now, grab the 8 screws, the 4 T-brackets, and the 4 motors. Insert the T-brackets in the holes as shown in the picture.

[Picture off all items and the t brackets inserted]

STEP 8:

Now align the motor and the brackets so the holes are aligned with each other, then screw in two screws inside the the t-bracket and the motor, do the same for all 4 motors. Make sure that the black tip of each motor points to the middle of the board and towards the other motor. Make sure the wires point towards the center of the board not outwards

[Picture of all of the motors screwed in]

STEP 9:

Now we get into a more confusing part, the wiring. Let us start with Motor M1 and M2, find the labels "M1+" and "+M2" on the top side of the PCB, the motor to the top left is our M1, the motor on the top right is our M2. You will grab the red wire and black wires through the wholes as shown below. For M1 red wire goes in the + line, and the black one in the - line. For M2 the black wire goes in the + line and the red one goes in the - line. This is crucial for your wheels to work good later on.

[Pictures of wiring]

STEP 10:

Let us continue with Motor M3 and M4, find the labels "M3+" and "+M4" on the bottom side of the PCB, the motor to the bottom left is our M3, the motor on the bottom right is our M4. You will grab the red wire and black wires through the wholes as shown below. For M3 red wire goes in the + line, and the black one in the - line. For M4 the black wire goes in the + line and the red one goes in the - line. This is crucial for your wheels to work good later on.

[Pictures of wiring]

STEP 11:

Have the wires go in the other tiny holes as shown in the image.

[Pictures of this step here]

STEP 12:

Now solder solder the corresponding lines to the tiny holes and squares. Here is a great please to double check with a lab assistant before moving on wit the soldering. Make sure you have a straight line of wire from the soldering hole to the threading hole. Looping for the wires should only be next to the motors

[Picture here of finished job]

STEP 13:

Now grab your battery back, the red foam, and a zip tie, and a piece of double sided tape. Place the tape inside the square in between the two holes. Place the red foam one top of the tape and make sure it does not cover the two tiny holes with the + and a -, these holes are for the battery.


PHOTO NOT YET CAPTURED
STEP 14:

 Now grab the battery make sure the side with the hole lays on top of the red foam. Grab your zip tie, and pass it thourgh the hole, make sure you tie it very tight.

PHOTO NOT YET CAPTURED

STEP 15:

Now grab both wires, and make sure you pass both wires the holes just as shown in the images.

PHOTO NOT YET CAPTURED

STEP 16:

Now solder the red and black wires. Red to + and black to -. Make sure it is solder very good.

PHOTO NOT YET CAPTURED

STEP 17:

Now have a lab assistant inspect your build, do now power the board yet.

STEP 18:


STEP 19:

STEP 20:

STEP 21:

STEP 22:

STEP 23:

STEP 24:

STEP 25:

STEP 26:

STEP 27:

STEP 28:

STEP 29:

STEP 30: